Add Streaming API docs (#3284)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/design/create-api/create-streaming-api/streaming-api-overview.md

# Streaming APIs Overview

**Streaming APIs** are used in event driven architecture. Creating a Streaming API is the process of linking an 
existing streaming backend API implementation to the [API Publisher]({{base_path}}/getting-started/overview/#api-publisher), so that you can manage and monitor the [API's lifecycle]({{base_path}}/learn/design-api/lifecycle-management/api-lifecycle/), documentation, security, community, and subscriptions. Alternatively, you can provide the API implementation in-line in the [API Publisher]({{base_path}}/getting-started/overview/#api-publisher) itself.

> Streaming API support is provided via three main protocols in APIM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Streaming API support is provided via three main protocols in the WSO2 API Manager (WSO2 API-M).
```
